You have to define the goal of your app, 
you must read python's documentation , 
you should understand the pros and cons of python, 
you may use python if it fits your needs, 
you could use other languages at the sime time to improve your app
You should define your variables first, 
You must/could assign a data type to each variable
You may use the "input" function to capture data
you must use the "print" function to show results
You must take into account that python is case-sensitive
You should respect the pre-established rules of syntax
You should make the code readable and as efficient as possible. 
You may have errors in the code, but you should be patient and debug everything in the shortest possible time. 
You have to start a variable's name with a lowercase letter
you should understand the pros and cons of python,
You should define your variables first,
You should assign a data type to each variable 
You should respect the pre-established rules of syntax 
You should make the code readable and as efficient as possible
you must read python's documentation,
you must use the "print" function to show results,
You must take into account that python is case-sensitive
you may use python if it fits your needs,
You may use the "input" function to capture data,
You may have errors in the code
You have to define the goal of your app, 
you Have to be patient and debug everything in the shortest possible time.
You could use other languages at the same time to improve your app,
You have to indent properly when using if-else
You have to define the goal of your app, 
you Have to be patient 
You have to debug everything in the shortest possible time.
You have to indent properly when using if-else
You have to use python libraries when possible.
You could use other languages at the same time to improve your app.
You could create your own functions.
You could use Anaconda or Google colab to write your  python code.
You could use Tuples instead of list depending on the use.
You could use loops to optimize your code.
you must read python's documentation.
you must use the "print" function to show results.
You must take into account that python is case-sensitive.
You must be organized with your code.
You must keep your code simple to understand.
You may thus comment on your code so that it is easy to understand what is happening.

Before starting, you must take into account the following rules:
    - Python is case-sensitive, which means, for example, Name and name have different meanings.
    - The standard is to use English names in programming.
    - All variables should start with a lowercase letter, for example,  var = 4.
    - Functions begin with lowercase.
    - Classes begins with a capital letter.

    